The worst feeling in the world is when you can-t love anyone else because your heart still belongs to the one who broke it.
Pleasure of love lasts but a moment. Pain of love lasts a lifetime.
Only time can heal your broken heart. Just as only time can heal his broken arms and legs.
Crying is a way your eyes speak when your mouth can-t explain how broken your heart is.
I think about you. But I don-t say it anymore.
One day you-re going to remember me and how much I loved you… then you-re going to hate yourself for letting me go. 
I gave you my heart, I just didn-t expect to get it back in pieces.
The scariest thing is that we didn-t even have to be together for you to break my heart.
I think you are wrong to want a heart. It makes most people unhappy. If you only knew it, you are in luck not to have a heart.
You can-t buy love, but you can pay heavily for it.
You don-t die from a broken heart. You only wish you did.
You will never know true happiness until you have truly loved, and you will never understand what pain really is until you have lost it.
I won-t ever leave you, even though you-re always leaving me.
One day, I learned that a single look can change everything. And since then, I have seen it countless times. I have grappled to understand it and failed. For instance, all it took was a look from another man for my wife to fall out of love with me. It baffles me that a simple alignment of eyes can cause so much devastation.
You weren-t just a star to me. You were my whole damn sky.
Where you used to be, there is a hole in the world, which I find myself constantly walking around in the daytime, and falling in at night. I miss you like hell.
You left with my soul in your fists and my heart in your teeth, and I don-t want either of them back.
I don-t know why they call it heartbreak. It feels like every other part of my body is broken too.
You flew off with the wings of my heart and left me flightless.
My heart no longer felt as if it belonged to me. It now felt as it had been stolen, torn from my chest by someone who wanted no part of it.
Loving you was like going to war; I never came back the same.
When your heart is broken, you plant seeds in the cracks and you pray for rain.
I will never love another. Not like I loved you. I just don-t have the love for it again.
What a painful thing to taste forever in the eyes of someone who doesn-t see the same.
She-s gone. She gave me a pen. I gave her my heart, and she gave me a pen.
The saddest thing is to be a minute to someone when you-ve made them your eternity.
To fall in love is awfully simple, but to fall out of love is simply awful.
The only thing a boyfriend was good for was a shattered heart.
Love that remains longest in your heart is the one that is not returned.
A broken heart is the worst. It-s like having broken ribs. Nobody can see it, but it hurts every time you breathe.
Hearts are breakable. And I think even when you heal, you-re never what you were before
I gave you the best of me.
The human heart is the only thing whose worth increases the more it is broken.
Sometimes you have to deprive someone of the pleasure of being with you so that they can realize how much they need you in their lives.
I wanted love to conquer all. But love can-t conquer anything.
My heart-s cracking apart all over again because of the way I-ve missed him.
Hearts can break. Yes, hearts can break. Sometimes I think it would be better if we died when they did, but we don-t.
Two words. Three vowels. Four consonants. Seven letters. It can either cut you open to the core and leave you in ungodly pain or it can free your soul and lift a tremendous weight off your shoulders. The phrase is: It-s over.
Out of the millions and millions of people that inhabit this planet, he is one of the tiny few I can never have.
If love is like driving a car, then I must be the worst driver in the world. I missed all the signs and ended up lost.
I wish I could hurt you the way you hurt me. But I know that if I had the chance, I wouldn-t do it.
It is the heart that has been pierced that feels the most.
Lonely-s a different kind of pain, it doesn-t hurt as bad as heartbreak. I preferred it and embraced it ‘cause I reckoned it was one or the other.
I understand it, but I don-t like it. I wish we could all be together like before: best friends, not heartbroken strangers.
You wanted to see the world. And yet, all I want is to see you.
The heart is heaviest when it-s empty and lightest when it-s full
Thinking of you is a poison I drink often.
Love is only made more valuable by the risk of heartbreak.
The worst feeling in the world is when you can-t love anyone else because your heart still belongs to the one who broke it.
I am hopelessly in love with a memory. An echo from another time, another place.
Losing him was like having a hole shot straight through me, a painful, constant reminder, an absence I could never fill.
So it-s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.
There is something bleak and barren about a world that is missing the person who knows you best.
When someone you love becomes a memory, the memory becomes a treasure.
Thinking of You
No matter how hard your heart is broken, the world doesn-t stop for your grief.
The shattering of a heart when being broken is the loudest quiet ever.
The sorrow we feel when we lose a loved one is the price we pay to have had them in our lives.
Unable are the loved to die. For love is immortality.
Those we love never truly leave us. There are things that death cannot touch.
My feet will want to walk to where you are sleeping but I shall go on living.
The whole world can become the enemy when you lose what you love.
When one person is missing the whole world seems empty.
And perhaps there is a limit to the grieving that the human heart can do. As when one adds salt to a tumbler of water, there comes a point where simply no more will be absorbed.
Come back! Even as a shadow, even as a dream.
Everything is gone except traces of you inside me — and the years like the wind are sweeping those away.
Heartbreak could be lived with if it weren-t accompanied by regret.
I will never regret you or say I wish I-d never met you. Because once upon a time you were exactly what I needed.
I will never regret loving you, only believing you loved me too.
Wanting her is hard to forget, loving her is hard to regret, losing her is hard to accept, but letting go is the most painful.
You-re going to wake up one day and realize what you-ve done, and you-re going to regret the time you wasted apart from him for the rest of your life.
One day you-ll finally see, your biggest mistake was not loving me.
Some of us think holding on makes us strong, but sometimes it is letting go.
Every time your heart is broken, a doorway cracks open to a world full of new beginnings, new opportunities.
Being heartbroken doesn-t mean you stop feeling. Just the opposite — it means you feel it all more.
Nothing helps a broken heart like having someone wonderful give you theirs.
The emotion that can break your heart is sometimes the very one that heals it.
Perhaps someday I-ll crawl back home, beaten, defeated. But not as long as I can make stories out of my heartbreak, beauty out of sorrow.
Each night I put my head to my pillow I try to tell myself I-m strong because I-ve gone one more day without you.
I didn-t lose you. You lost me. You-ll search for me inside of everyone you-re with and I won-t be found.
You didn-t break my heart; you freed it.
The saddest thing about love is that not only the love cannot last forever, but even the heartbreak is soon forgotten.
A girl doesn-t need anyone who doesn-t need her.
It is strange how often a heart must be broken before the years can make it wise.
You can-t have heartbreak without love. If your heart was really broken, then at least you know you really loved him.
He loved me. He loved me, but he doesn-t love me anymore, and it-s not the end of the world.
A broken heart is just the growing pains necessary so that you can love more completely when the real thing comes along.
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.
Pain makes you stronger. Tears make you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser.
Some people are going to leave, but that-s not the end of your story. That-s the end of their part in your story.
I love you, but I hate you. I miss you, but I-m better off without you. I want you out of my life, but I never want to let you go.
The human heart has a way of making itself large again even after it-s been broken into a million pieces.
Once you had put the pieces back together, even though you may look intact, you were never quite the same as you-d been before the fall.
This time I wouldn-t forget him, because I couldn-t ever forgive him – for breaking my heart twice.
And it only hurts when I-m breathing. My heart only breaks when it-s beating. My dreams only die when I-m dreaming.So, I hold my breath — to forget.
If you start to miss me, remember: I didn-t walk away, you let me go.
A heartbreak is a blessing from God. It-s just his way of letting you realize he saved you from the wrong one.
It-s hard asking someone with a broken heart to fall in love again.
So here-s the thing with broken hearts. No matter how you try, the pieces never fit the way they did before.
The heart will break, but broken live on.
I know my heart will never be the same, but I-m telling myself I-ll be okay.
A Little Bit Stronger
She took a step and didn-t want to take any more, but she did.
To make real friends you have to put yourself out there. Sometimes people will let you down, but you can-t let that stop you. If you get hurt, you just pick yourself up, dust off your feelings, and try again.
The most painful goodbyes are the ones that are left unsaid and never explained.
The friendship that can cease has never been real.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
Somebody asked me if I knew you. A million memories flash through my mind, but I just smiled and said I used to.
The worst pain in the world goes beyond the physical. Even further beyond any other emotional pain one can feel. It is the betrayal of a friend.
Sometimes you have to unfollow people in real life.
Don-t feel sad over someone who gave up on you, feel sorry for them because they gave up on someone who would have never given up on them.
Friendship is like a glass ornament, once it is broken, it can rarely be put back together in exactly the same way.
When I think of you, I think of kindness, wisdom, and love. Thanks for being you.
All that you are is all that I-ll ever need.
I think I-d miss you even if we never met.
This is a hug from me to you, to let you know I am thinking of you. And although I have nothing to say, you know I have thought of you today.
When I want to smile, I know exactly what to do, I just close my eyes and I think of you.
Sometimes me think, -what is friend?- and then me say, Friend is someone to share the last cookie with.
Thinking of you. When skies seem dark and times get tough, and you don-t know what to do...just know you have a friend right here to support and help you through.
Thinking of you. Today you-ve been on my mind so I thought I-d get in touch. I-m praying that all is going well for we haven-t seen you much. I know our lives can get so busy with all that we must do, but I wanted to take this time to say I-m thinking of you too.
Just thought I-d let you know I-ve been thinking of you. So I thought I-d brighten up your day and bring a smile to you, praying God will touch your life in a more meaningful way and that you-ll feel the warmth of God, today and every day.
Do you know I never ever feel bored, never ever feel lonely, because you are always in my thoughts, morning, afternoon and night.
If I were given a dollar for every time you were in my thoughts, I-d only have one because you never left them.
My heart dances with joy when I think about you.
When we-re together or when we-re apart, you-re first in my thoughts and first in my heart.
Every time you look at me and see me smiling, just know that I am thinking of you.
Maybe if you can-t get somebody out of your head, they-re supposed to be there.
The one good thing about not seeing you is that I can write you letters.
Somewhere someone is thinking of you. Someone is calling you an angel. This person is using celestial colors to paint your image. Someone is making you into a vision so beautiful that it can only live in the mind.
If I have a single flower for every time I think about you, I could walk forever in my garden.
One day I caught myself smiling for no reason, then I realized I was thinking of you.
At least if I couldn-t be near you, the thought of you have drawn me closer to you and I couldn-t imagine myself without your thought.
If every time I thought of you, a star fell, well, the sky would be empty.
Late at night when all the world is sleeping, I stay up and think of you. And I wish on a star that somewhere you are thinking of me too.
Words fall short whenever I want to tell you how special you are to me, but all I can say is, that my world is full of smiles whenever I think of you.
I saw two fallen branches in the shape of a heart. Thought of you.
In case you ever foolishly forget: I am never not thinking of you.
So, here I am, all by myself, thinking of you – no one else. There-s a feeling inside and as hard as I try, it just won-t go away.
A day without you is like a day without sunshine. A life without you is like a life without music. You are the sunshine on my face and the music in my heart.
I smile to the sky when I think of you.
I don-t know what they are called, the spaces between seconds, but I think of you always in those intervals.
I-m addicted to the way I feel when I think of you.
I-ve been thinkin- -bout you, wondering who-s stuck in your head at night. Wonder if I ever cross your mind, keeping you up in your bed at night.
Want to know a Secret? Someone out there can-t stop thinking about you. You are beautiful. Don-t ever believe differently.
I love her, and that-s the beginning and end of everything.
Your thought has taken over my body and my soul, and now I discovered your thoughts have taken over my whole being, I find myself thinking about you even in odd times.
And if ever I-m alone you-ll say. I-ll be thinking about you.
I-m thinking of you, that-s all I do, all the time. You-re always the first and the last thing on this heart of mine. No matter where I go, or what I do, I-m thinking of you.
Between a million yesterdays and a million tomorrows, there-s only one today. And I would never let it pass without telling you I-m thinking of you.
Where else would any sane man want to be, but in your eyes, your heart, and your arms, a sea of passion ever moving, beating like my heart when I think of you.
I-ve been thinking about you constantly since I left, wondering why the journey I-m on seemed to have led through you. I know my journey-s not over yet, and that life is a winding path, but I can only hope it somehow circles back to the place I belong. That-s how I think of it now. I belong with you.
My thoughts are free to go anywhere, but it-s surprising how often they head in your direction
I know that my feelings for you are real because I spend more time thinking of you than myself.
Nothing enters my mind after you have occupied it. I could think about nothing but everything about you.
Whenever you are in my mind, I never feel bored, I never feel lonely, I never feel gloomy. Just having you in my thoughts is enough to keep me satisfied.
I can go days without talking to you, months without seeing you, but not a second goes by that I-m not thinking about you.
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I-d be picking roses for a lifetime.
Where else would any sane man want to be, but in your eyes, your heart, and your arms, a sea of passion ever moving, beating like my heart when I think of you.
Nothing could ever keep me up and awake than thoughts of you. However, once I fall asleep and dream of you, I never want to wake up as well. You and thoughts of you keep me alive.
If I quit thinking of you, I might stop breathing too.
Although we are miles apart, the thought and touch of you lives within my heart. It is for that reason my dear you will always feel near, even though we are thousands of miles apart.
My heart has been stuck with your thought, but I-m always happy to know how much your feelings has taken over my mind.